Review No.	Reviewer Name	Date	Verified Buyer	Title	Review
1	Vijay Y	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	Mobile is Okay.	Good Product, Nice performance, no hangs, design is sleek.  But heating too much when playing games, VERY BAD design of back panel. Quality of the plastic and outer panels look very bad.
2	Mukesh	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	Average Mobile	Googleplus features is not supported in this mobile.....So you can't store or save your online data through this feature.
3	Satish Sharma	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	OK but not best	This is honest review. i tried to make points that other people may not specify.....  1) The two sim slots are different, one is for normal sized sim, another for micro sim, so now i need to cut my SIM. It should have been specified on snapdeal's product page. 2) Rear camera quality is like 5 mp camera, not 13mp. Front camera's quality is good like 5mp, but images are curvatured. They look like you are looking in convex mirror. I mainly purchased this handset for the 13mp camera, otherwise i would have gone for "Android one" handsets. 3) Loud speaker is crystal clear but not too loud. 4) Touch is great and really smooth, I like it. 5) Almost all apps(including maps, youtube, facebook, google voice search, etc) except google play and some basic ones can be uninstalled, so no bloatwares(unwanted apps) and more free RAM. I uninstalled all garbage apps and got 730mb free ram at startup. 6) I used 32gb class 10 memory card which works fine. The gallery app freezes sometimes because of its programming bug(bug in android 4.2, no fault of bingo), i hope bingo releases android kitkat update for this phone soon. 6) Phone is really lightweight, glossy and very very slim. I like the looks of it. 7) Phone gets heated near the camera during heavy gaming(tried with modern combat 4, asphalt 8) which is bearable(we can manage) and not too much. 8) Battery is fine, but its just my first day, so i may be wrong and may edit my review after a month. 9) Its a new company, so its better to check for service centers first. I live in gorakhpur(U.P) so its bad for me if something goes wrong. 9) I got blue color phone, white earphone, black charger and USB cable....lol...it gives me feeling like it was assembled... 10) Not too often, but a lot of times, say once in 1-2 hour i get an error saying "system data stopped". At this point no buttons(even physical power button) works. You must remove battery and restart phone. Think and decide yourself. 11) Call quality is just fine, you can hear and others can hear you well. 12) Got Antutu score of 18500+ . So its great and heavy games like asphalt 8 and modern combat 4 also run smooth.  I now feel like i should not have purchased it but i have no strong reasons for which return could be accepted.   OVERALL ITS GOOD FOR ITS OVERALL FEATURES BUT PLEASE DON'T BUY IT FOR 13MP CAMERA, YOU WILL REGRET IT.
4	Venkat	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	perfect	Good
5	Sunil	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	Decent product	all is gud,,,but some time its  battery irritate u..
6	Sanju	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	Good Product	Smooth functioning, nice touch screen, good battery backup, overall nice phone
7	smithjohntigs	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	best phone by bingo	i love this phone, all features are good. camera is awesome.
8	Pooja Malhotra	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	Bingo - is the future of India	Excellence & at par is the perfect word for Bingo Mobiles.. Kudos to the team Bingo
9	Ram	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	Bingo FS1 mobile is worth  a purchase	This is a very light weight weight phone. The performance is good.The battery life could be further improved.However after sales service is an area of concern as we do not have much details on company's web site. Also I am not able to find the compatible micro SD cards list in its web site as I found my earlier micro SD card from Samsung not being compatible.
10	Lawyer04	Apr 18, 2015	Yes	Awesome phone at such low price	Phone is great with all the features and at such a low price. And it is light weight as well. Touch is great. Great job..!!
11	Kriti	Jul 24, 2014	No	Nice one to pick up	A nice and affordable phone. It has everything in it . You just name it and get it on the mobile. Among all common ones i find it to be different.
12	kushwaha	Jul 24, 2014	No	good in lowest price	good in price with features we are getting.
13	Ajay Pal	Jul 24, 2014	No	1st (FS1) Rank Is Great What is next ?	Very Light Weight, I mostly use phone to play games and i tired to hold the phone but this phone feel just like part of my body,its realy like air. Processor is very fast without overheating. No battary issue with this phone. i really love this phone.  Wide display make easy to read books. I feel amazing when going in the world of movies with its HD Video Quality. Woww....one hold and click button ...giving 40 continous images very claverly and clearly.
