Review No.	Reviewer Name	Date	Verified Buyer	Title	Review
1	Wanderlust	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	My companion	Been a blackberry user since 2009 and am extremely satisfied. Best business phone in the age of fancy phones that serve half the purpose.
2	Ravera Deepak	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	Perfect Beast	First of all i am not a BB fan or Never Used BB in Past this was my First BB Phone, I have used many Mobiles like Sony, Samsung Apple & HTC but i used feel something lagging. My Last Mobile was HTC ONE, it was a Night Mare to me & i recommend not to use of it. Coming to BB Q10 this was truly Amazing & Outstanding in Performance & Design we have talk specially about the Keypad its very ease and i love to type. Not only BB fans can use BB people like me can also become BB fans after using Such Amazing Q10. Don't for the Rest Just go for BB Q10 definitely u will love
3	Dhaval	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	Great Phone in good Price	Very Nice phone with touch and qwerty keypad. New phone with fast delivery.
4	as	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	I have been shipped a repaired handset	Snapdeal has shipped me a swapped handset. It has no warranty certificate.
5	KULKUL	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	Blackberry Q10	Awsm product go for it
6	Anuj Batra	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	Smart Choice for a Smart Phone	Smart Phone by Blackberry. Operating System is awesome. Does not need Blackberry Plan as Data Plan is sufficient to run all the Blackberry Apps. Smart Move by RIM. Always recommend to use BlackBerry Smart Phone. Overall I am happy with this product and its performance.
7	aghosht	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	very good	Q10 rules
8	Arbaz	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	Awesome Phone	I LIKE THE PRODUCT
9	ishu	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	For Blackberry lovers.	Highs Comfortable, compact design Great keyboard (if you don't have fingernails) Made for messaging Speedy performance Long battery life  Lows Display not bright enough Interface doesn't work well on smaller screen BlackBerry World still has mediocre selection of apps
10	Honey	Feb 25, 2015	Yes	Very good product	Very good product
11	Vis	Jun 07, 2014	Yes	Smartphone for Work	Battery is good in comparison to other smartphones. It's the best phone suited for pure Phone use. Google Maps are good to go for navigation, works welll. Most Banking are available and apps are low but it doesn't worry much. Videos viewing is not suitable but pictures are good. Overall I liked it from my Heart, I'm not a regular BlackBerry user. This is my BlackBerry phone and I love it
12	Aman	Jun 07, 2014	No	very gud product	Very gud service by snapdeal , and very gud product
13	Muds	Jun 07, 2014	Yes	good phone on good price	good phone on good price. you will never get anything less then this price.
14	Alok	Jun 07, 2014	Yes	Excellent product for qwerty lovers	BB Q10 is a great product for qwerty lovers. The qwerty keys are very smooth and the phone is a good combination of touch and keyboard features. It is good if primarily used for mails and texts, may not match up with performance of touch phones when using other multimedia features and playing games.
15	Techie	Jun 07, 2014	Yes	Perfect	This is wonderful for someone who has to use a phone for work. I have used a BlackBerry before and I am quite happy with this one. This is a work horse, and helps in a way no Android or Apple can. Calls are crisp and clear, Bluetooth, WiFi, everything just works. Integration with work email is as good as it can be. No hanging, no dropped calls, everything works instantly. After a long time, I have a phone which is dependable- which is Very important when you use it for work.  The cord is not too short when compared to other smart phones. I have a similar problem with most of the modern smart phones which offer a USB cable and charger, rather than a dedicated charger.
16	Waseem	Jun 07, 2014	No	Best Business Phone on the Market	First of all, I would like to say that I have been doing repeated research in buying a phone with a stable OS, and not those flashy ones with loads of apps that you download and forget.  Pros:  - Majestic Design  - Handy, very firm to hold - glass-weave back  - BlackBerry OS 10.2 - BlackBerry flow: Maximizing your possibilities in multitasking like never before  - QWERTY Keyboard.      They have removed the circular design and made it straight and neat, perhaps after sufficient research and the keys have become even softer and smoother, and you "good bye! mistyping"  - Facebook + Twitter integration  - Email integration is like a dream and the best it has ever been on BlackBerry so far.  Cons:  - In the era of hardware, its good, not the best.  - Priced higher.  - (for android & iOS users) Not too many apps  I would have give better rating if not for the pricing.  Best Uses:  BB 10 is currently the most stable and elegant OS and similar to iOS. Two words: Reliable and Productive.  After all people with serious phones need work to get done.
17	Gama	Jun 07, 2014	Yes	Handy and Light	The product is a very good and convenient to handle.
18	Viralrg	Jun 07, 2014	Yes	BB is still in my Blood!!!	Excellent phone and software. HUB, Peak and overall interface is really fantastic experience. No BB plan required.
19	Sunny	Jun 07, 2014	Yes	Very gud product value fr money	Its very nice phonee
20	Googly	Jun 07, 2014	No	Excellent but bit costly	BlackBerry attempted to make a comeback in the smartphone market with a new line of BB10 devices. The Q10 was one of their flagship models featuring the same, small QWERTY keyboard which used to be popular five years ago. Although from first glance, the Q10 looks remarkably similar to previous BlackBerry devices, it does include a touchscreen. Outside of the touchscreen addition, the Q10 harkens back to the ever-popular BlackBerry Bold in many ways, so fans of that device will likely be happy with this one. Anyone that has become used to using a large touchscreen for browsing the Internet, typing, and playing games will have a hard time understanding the Q10 and its small 720 x 720 pixel screen. Playing games on the Q10 is not an easy task and people wanting to play things like Angry Birds, Candy Crush, etc should stay clear of the phone. Instead, BlackBerry is trying to target primarily text, email, and social network addicts. The issue with targeting people that type a lot, is that the Q10's small keyboard is not exactly easy to use for most people with average or larger hands. In terms of hardware however, the BlackBerry Q10 is actually impressive. It comes with a 1.5GHz processor, 2GB of RAM, and 16GB of expandable microSD storage. These specs are on-par with much larger and more intensive devices, so the Q10 runs very smooth and is snappy when opening applications. For most people, the area where the Q10 lacks the most is screen size. A 3.1-inch screen simply does not cut it in today's market for the average smartphone user, nor does a physical keyboard make a lot of sense in 2013. Battery wise, the Q10 is great. It requires less power to run than its Z10 cousin, but includes a larger 2100 mAH battery. With this size battery, the Q10 easily lasts all day and with regular usage, it can round out the day with around 15-20% of battery life left. When using the Q10, be prepared to scroll like you never have before. The smaller screen size results in only a few tweets showing up at a time in Twitter, and likewise for emails and Facebook posts. So, when trying to quickly browse Twitter and see what your friends are up to, constantly scrolling can become tedious. The actual BB10 operating system is great and its implementation is clean. Being able to open up all of your messages with just one swipe is incredibly convenient and time saving. For people that can deal with the smaller keyboard, it is designed in a comfortable way. However, for myself and many others, it is too small to comfortably use for a long period of time
21	Maverick	Jun 26, 2013	No	Super Phone !!	Actually why do you need a quad core when a dual core can do the job. Honestly, BB 10 OS's are much lighter than the apples or androids, so need of quad core is secondary when your phone does the same job quicker than apples or andoroids with a dual core processor. Thumbs UPP !!
22	Harsha_@hhhunk	Jun 26, 2013	No	KING OF QWERTY KINGDOm	q10 is emerged a racing king of qwerty phone though it has dual core  but not quad core no alternate for this.... qwerty king.......
