Review No.	Reviewer Name	Date	Verified Buyer	Title	Review
1	Ramit	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	Simple a winner.	Brilliant phone. Long battery life. Super fast and smooth processing. OS10 is very good especially with the latest update.  Size may look weird. But it is not. Fits easily in the front pocket. No Crashes or issues.   Fairly fast android apps runtime. Daylight pictures sharper than an i phone 6. Looks good. Looks very different from the stuff that you get from all other brands.   Very productive.  The only draw back is that you can just about manage to make calls with one hand. But it is difficult. So if you are used to making calls with one hand. Then its not a phone for you.
2	Prakash	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	Good product	Worth buying...
3	Sam	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	I have Thrown I-Phone, Thrown S4	And I have gone whole hog on Z30, Passport and Classic.  It is finally back.  Yes, blackberry gets better than best and better than what no one could imagine.  The passport needs 7 stars and I suppose even classic might get.  The Z30 too holds better than 5 star.   What the companies like Samsung and Apple spend on Ads and promoting their company is added to the device cost.  Blackberry needs no Ads.  It needs users like me who send that word.    For those who thought that world of mobile devices ended at Apple or Samsung, there is no treatment to their lost and forgotten perception.  I use a BB 8520 since 2010, which still continues.  A Nokia in stand-by.  But an apple which was thrown away and a Samsung which just no one wants it now.  Just buy any of Passport, Z30, Z3, or Classic depending on your desire, budget, features and its life.  You will never regret and never leave BB.  Strongly Recommend these for Speed, Battery Life, ease, sturdyness, features and keybad accuracey.  The best.
4	Hershvir Singh	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	Perfect. It doesn't get any better	All BlackBerry fans, MUST BUY! It's a really simple to use phone. The best of BlackBerry there is. (also compatible with android apps)
5	sujeet	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	size is over	this phone size is bigger
6	Ramakanta Mishra	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	That's Good Stuff	Very good response from Snapdeal. Packing is good. Received the phone within 2 days at Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
7	SJ	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	Got addicted... pleasingly surprising	I got my BlackBerry Passport about a month ago, and I got to tell you I was in two minds whether I made mistake. But curiosity just blew away once I unboxed the phone. It was just so pleasing only the presence of the device. It has been a buttery smooth experience since then. I just love the keypad, it's my first experience with the physical keypad on a phone and I just love it. True the app store does lack some apps but great thing is that android apps and games can be installed on this phone. Operating system is great and very smooth. The phone's build quality is wonderful. Feels like a high quality device. I get asked by everyone what phone is this, it's such an eye candy. I got to say I love my phone. True it's not perfect but name one perfect phone is the market.   Once you use it you will be addicted to it.
8	Amit	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	blackberry passport	Cons:lack of apps and games otherwise incredible handset from blackberry
9	dynamo	Jun 20, 2015	Yes	blackberry does it the best	this is the most awesome piece of device out in the market today, great hardware and software to get your work done in the fastest possible manner, the combination of touch and type just doesn't get better than this, the screen size makes it perfect for doing productive works, reading books or articles, and also when connecting to the online social world. the screen is so bright and crisp, it makes watching photo and HD videos a charm, of course black bars are there in videos but it's no issue while watching short videos, and i personally feel that movies shouldn't be seen on mobile phones leave them to tablets and laptops and other bigger screens. it is an eye grabber and show stopper everywhere it goes. the huge battery will keep you going for around 20 hours with a hardcore usage, or else longer on mild to moderate use.
