Review No.	Reviewer Name	Date	Verified Buyer	Title	Review
1	Ananthanarayanrao	Oct 23, 2015	Yes	Product not worth and quality and support is very very poor	I am not satisfied with this product very poor quality and service
2	Ghan Shyam	Oct 23, 2015	Yes	Awesome Phone	Great phone with all the features that i wanted. Specially liked the gesture control.
3	Sunil	Oct 23, 2015	Yes	Good Phone	Good Phone at impressive price.  Weight is very less
4	sAm	Oct 23, 2015	Yes	its awesome	i really enjoying using this device.
5	SUNITA RATHI	Oct 23, 2015	No	That's Good Stuff	The phone is great, but snapdeal took all the time to deliver it
6	AJMERA	Oct 23, 2015	Yes	Awesome phone in this price	nice looks BUT Battery backup is poor, speaker not too loud,
7	Phyuez	Oct 23, 2015	No	Awesome Phone	Great phone with great configuration for it's price... The Amigo UI 2.0 may be a little unfriendly but you get used to it in time... Else change to MIUI ROM upon rooting with Framaroot..
8	Lallu	Oct 23, 2015	Yes	Pretty and awesome look	It's very pretty model with cheap rate also outstanding look,  This gadget has fully HD also camera is very good result with night capture,  still I have three months done with gadget till now not hang.  In its value saver also all features with cheap rate.   Pareshkumar Chauhan
9	sanjeev	Oct 23, 2015	Yes	excellent product	excellent product with excellent battery life
10	manoj	Oct 23, 2015	Yes	looks good	Nice
11	Alex	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	Gionee E6	Awesome phone!!
12	Qualis	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	Good	Good
13	Nimesh	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	nice phone to buy.	Nice slim phone
14	ashesh	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	Excellent product	Absolute value for money. Super display, beautiful looks, light weight beauty. Sound perfect. Camera just too good. You can not get mobile batter than this in this price range
15	Raghu	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	Really good mobile	This phone remember the I phone by look and functions, big screen high clarity and fast.
16	Umadi	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	Very Good	Very good mobile at a smart price
17	A cell phone hand purse !	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	A classy product .	Value for money . Quality built . Elegant look .
18	Ravinder	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	Good phone with good specs...	E6 is good product quality phone... i also used samsung grand, iphone 4, iphone4s, micromax ninja.... quality was phone is good... used from last 11 days no complaint found except the air gesture, its not working properly... battery backup is average.. display is very good... not hanged till now... overall am happy with the phone's performance
19	Rajeevkiran S P	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	Superb Build Quality	The Build Quality is Great..!!  Worthy product for the Amount spent...  Decent Battery Life.. need to see if this continues with time. Sleek design and good matching Cases are provided by Gionee. Refreshing Android experience with Amigo OS / Skin.  Only issues I found are the size... cannot handle phone with single hand. Although 13MP Camera is present, Images are a bit grainy on low light conditions.. may be its a Software issue, because Gionee used a Good Sensor and Lens for this. Hope this gets rectified in Future OS updates.  Gionee used Android 4.2 as base for Amigo OS, if they update it to 4.4, Phone performance will be greatly improved.  You cannot rule out this mobile because its from a Chinese company...Everything is made in China now...
20	manjunath	Jul 18, 2014	Yes	best phone for the budget, total VFM	I was looking for a good android phone shortlisted many branded phone. but this phone caught my attention and i ended up buying it.  the build quality of the phone is good.  i am not happy with android that comes with this phone it could be better.   i feel wifi is little slow.
21	natty7333	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	one of the best in the mobile	last 8yrs I have been used only Sony mobiles. my friend told this brand. but I am not sure that confident before buying. one week before I bought this mobile .now I am seeing miracle in my hand.      8mps camera, min 2 days battery without internet,worthy for this cost. so am giving 5*.
22	Abhi	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	Supeb Phone	Thanks To Gionee for giving option against samsung .
23	om choudhary	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	Realy good phone	Touch and pic quality are awesome but the sensor quality is not up to the mark
24	Dr. Pawan	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	wonderful phone..upto the expectation..	Pros : fantastic display with gorilla glass ( does matter!)        smooth operation        intuitive UI        huge inbuilt memory        nice inbox accessories        loud and clear speakers Cons : cant use widgets        rear camera not upto d mark.. has noise Overall : i hv bn using this phone since a month. cant get a            better phone at this price...but Cant argue with some           people who run behind brand name...
25	Ashwin	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	Worth - buying	Awesome features and a very user friendly phone .
26	Abhi	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	gionee u beauty	Love it ....jus have a go vth this.....really a masterpiece and I for agree hard core gamers vl have tough time but never the less all are working good except high end games ....and beauty is its display and build quality doesn't get better than this...................................................................................
27	Ravi	Feb 18, 2014	No	Go for it. Its worth every penny...	I've been using this mobile for the past one month and couldn't even find a fault to blame on. Seriously. The interface that they have build over the basic android is something amazing. Only glitches that you come across will be the language usage in some areas (Not in the main interface).  You have to appreciate the specs they have put on this lightweight beast. The performance is good and I have played most of the games without any problems. The cameras stands out as the rear one with 13MP gives you very good snaps and videos. It has got image stabilisation. The front camera is 5MP and is quite good for video chat and selfie shots.   At first, I was afraid to go for a brand that has no much history in India (I traded in iPhone for this). After researching on the brand left me with so much hope for the brand and product. They have a very clear strategy for future and I am sure they will have their pretty good share in the Indian market.  I am not going to dig much into the specs and reviews as it is stated everywhere in the worldwide web.  I blindly give 4/5. Go for it people...
28	Praveen	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	Nice Mobile	Excellent Mobile with all features. Camera, Android OS 4.2, Performance of the cell phone is very good. Battery backup is average. Screen Clarity is excellent.
29	rajeah	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	nice phone you can purchase.	Very nice phone. Touching experience is very good
30	Shiv	Feb 18, 2014	Yes	Awesome phone	Haven't had any issues with the phone, good looking phone at this price. If you are not minded about ONLY brand, then go for it
31	Deven	Nov 23, 2013	Yes	Good phone....could have been better	Good phone, good build quality, slim, exceptionally smooth and fluid touch experience, Superb display, fast performance , guesture control is not working , sensors also not working properly.
32	Dalu	Nov 23, 2013	Yes	Bad sound output - check before buy	Phone is gud, with respect to display and performance. But, audio output is very low from speakers and earphones. You can hardly hear anything from earphones.
33	junaid	Nov 23, 2013	No	value for Money	hello,  GIONEE establied in 2002, is a technology company engaged in mobile device Design and launed a number of good mobile products.. one of it's best model is Gionee Elife E6 which has all the features as per current market launces.  one of its attaction is it's " Ultra Slim" which make the product more beatiful. and has large memeory - and good processar which results into powerful perfomrance .. Good Mobile to purchse with comapnay to samsung and Iphone products..  all the best...
34	Deepak	Nov 23, 2013	Yes	A solid phone with solid specifications	I was a bit skeptical about this phone, but once I started using it, It removed all my doubts. The phone is a perfect mixture of specs and good build quality, and is definitely one of the best looking devices in the market. The display is vibrant and color reproduction is accurate. The call quality is very good, with voice coming in very clear. Sound quality is also good, if not the best. All the video files, including the full HD ones, played well. Only the stock video player doesn't support mkv files, but that can be fixed using any good player from the Google Play Store(MX Player in my case). Some of the graphic intensive games lag, but since I am not a avid phone gamer, this doesn't affect me.  The only cons I see are: 1. The battery should have been of higher capacity. However, It last more than a day with moderate use. 2. It takes a bit long to get it fully charged.  Conclusion: If you in market for a good looking phone with good specs and solid build, go for this Phone, and you will never repent.
35	Dr.Shashank	Nov 23, 2013	Yes	its a great phone	Its a great product by gionee. Costamisation done by gionee is really good. Only problem is gesture is not working properly....best phone at this price..... Value for money....go with it
36	Akshay	Nov 23, 2013	Yes	E6 screams quality!	This is d best phone one can get in this segment. The design of d phone is so premium..N d display is too good...just cannot think of any drawbacks
37	desh2	Nov 23, 2013	No	A superb phone	1.Exceptionally smooth and fluid touch experience. 2.Superb display. 3.Fast performance. 4.Customizable. 5.White looks very good, but perhaps the black one would look better. 6. Con: Poor instructional manual. The phone has its own unique features. It takes a while to understand them. Initially these features appear to be flaws because they are not explained. Two examples are: (a) There is no Applications widget. All apps appear on screen. Initially, it looks messy. (b) From the lock screen, one needs to gently swipe upwards to unlock. This is not explained. So one tries to swipe left and right and gets the feeling that the touch experience is not smooth. Once you figure this out, the touch is exceptional.Wish they would add one more SIM and replaceable battery.Another big issue is their service shop in Pune. The fellow is nice but does not inspire confidence. Gionee needs to provide better support to them. If I had visited this so-called service centre before buying the phone, I would not have bought the  phone. The shop does not even stock Gionee phones.
38	Yureshwar	Nov 23, 2013	Yes	Good value for money	Gionee trying to keep their users happy in terms of quality. I strongly recommend their products as i am currently using their products.   Pros:  1. Sleek with unibody design and perfectly fits into your pocket. 2. Good quality sound output through handsfree 3. Amazing User Interface completely different from normal android phones 4. Amazing display with high pixel density. 5. WiDi support, Gesture control 6. Amazing picture quality front 5MP awesome  Cons: 1. Sound from the phone speaker is not upto the mark 2. Battery backup is only one day(i think it can be improved due to software glitches)
39	nishant	Nov 23, 2013	Yes	not good at all	This phone is not working properly guesture control is not working , sensors also not working properly Poor battery , could be as i got the deffected piece but stiil its not worth as sound quality is also not gud  , as far as gaming is concern i played dear hunter which runs gud but sometimes touch screen dosent response properly and it does heat a lot . My recomendation plz dont buy as per my experience.
40	aj	Nov 23, 2013	No	not nice	not expandable baddest dis advantage donot buy it
41	sandy	Oct 19, 2013	Yes	good product...i loved loved it	Gionee elife e6 is a nice device.. I m using it from past 2weeks and the response of this device is very effective and much ahead what I thought...
42	Sunil	Oct 19, 2013	No	Gionee E6	Camera and display quality is excellent but when I play subway surfer screen is getting blackened.
43	Shipra	Oct 19, 2013	No	Awesome phone, value for money	I have been tracking launch of elife e6 since last one month. Got this beauty 2 days back.  Pros. All specs, design, style, material used, form factor, accessories, battery backup  Cons. A feature which is advertised, air gestures, doesn't work. Seems like a software problem.  Anybody confused between Xperia C, Galaxy Grand. Go ahead and buy this. It's an state of art phone at the price range.   Gionee, you have raised the standards, now keep it up.
44	Jagjit	Oct 19, 2013	No	Simple Elegant Powerfull, feature rich	Lots of Feature of Amigo ROM of this phone 1. Face detection to Unlock 2. Gesture Control 3. Front camera 5 Mega Pixels, Full HD 4. Back Camera 13 mega pixels Full HD 5. Display Full HD 6. Over the Air Update Support And lots more...................... :) God Buy ..... :)
45	Mahendran	Oct 19, 2013	No	Awesome Phone with Ample Futures	I bought this mobile on 09.10.2013 the Phone Was Awesome in Performance and looking.  Pros:  Best Display       Stunning Camera with Amazing Low Light Photography      Light Weight     No Lag 32GB Internal Amigo UI Super Fast Ram Super Fast Processor Low Price  Cons: Speaker is not loud enough No External SD-Not at all a issue with 32GB Inbuilt
46	Vihang	Oct 19, 2013	No	inital review	We got a chance to visit the Gionee facility in Shenzhen, china and there I saw how Gionee phones get manufactured, we were surprised to the see the stringent process in place to make Gionee phones. Gionee being a Chinese mobile phone company has still need to create a more detailed clear image in front of indian consumers but this visit helped us a lot to know more about Gionee and manufacturing. Display and Build Quality  Gionee Elife E6 comes with 5 Inch IPS LCD OGS technology display with a full HD resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels gives you quite high pixel density, it is good enough that you wont notice the pixilation with naked eyes. The color reproduction on the display screen is much better and comparable to the most of the high end popular smartphones like iPhone 5, Samsung Galaxy S4 etc. The design of the phone is unibody, you cannot remove the battery out the device its sealed inside the device body and it terms of design it does look like being inspired from the iPhone 5 and some other phones but does create a unique image of its own once you see it and hold the device in your hands. Hardware Specs  As the unit we were given was a pre production unit so we could run the benchmarks on the same, but as per our views on the device responsiveness and usage it was pretty smooth in UI transitions and good to handle multitasking interface, it has a own UI called NAVI which again is quite intuitive in providing a great user experience once you get used to it. The device has 1.5 GHz quad-core processor from Mediatek and 2 Gb of RAM which does give the device a boost and it has MT6589 turbo chipset which means a faster GPU and faster CPU as well on the device and we will let you know more once we do a full review of the device. Camera  Elife E6 has 13-megapixel camera with an LED flash and Auto Focus feature on the rear back side and a 5-megapixel camera fixed focus on the front display and both of these camera are capable of shooting videos in HD. We tested the camera on the device and results were amazing as the quality of he photos in day light was great and it was pretty good in artificial light and the camera module was not final so it should get better in the final unit which will come to india. The front camera video output was good and we will let you know more once we do the full review. OS and Battery  Elife E6 runs on the AMIGO ROM which is built on top of android 4.2 and as per Gionee there are many better features which got implemented in E6 like deep level battery optimization and faster shutter speeds while capturing photos. The sealed battery on the device is 2,020mAh which should sufficient to power it one day although you might get more than one day of battery backup on this device with moderate usage if the battery optimizations work the way they should on this device and they are part of the phone feature so you don't have to install an extra software to conserve the battery.
47	amitkasaria	Oct 19, 2013	No	fantastic phone	Earlier I was using lg Google nexus 4 , though it was a good phone but after buying this I have realized, that phone was nothing in front of this one , I am using this phone from the last two days and I am l loving everything about it but few things impressed me most and they are like this. Great looks , its a bigger and better version of I phone in looks. Amazing camera - it's 13 and 5 mgpixel  camera makes this phone deadly combination. Great screen resolution- at 441 dpi you can understand what it looks like . Battery - very good as 2020 one and generally very good, better then many who claims 2800 or 3000 Operating system Also works perfectly. So final words are. Its a extremely good buy for me.
48	Amrutsagar	Oct 19, 2013	No	Wow !!! Wonderfull Mobile Phone	A perfect cell phone should buy it.
49	DJ	Oct 19, 2013	No	Seems Value For Money	I Like the specs specially with the price it is coming with.it will sell like hotcakes if they could bring it with one extra sim slot and expandable memory....
