Review No.	Reviewer Name	Date	Verified Buyer	Title	Review
1	akhiiiii	Feb 19, 2016	Yes	please don't buy	this item is good looking and excellent construction.but its hardware is very poor .my item got damaged after 7 days.and i'm looking for replacement
2	Daniel	Feb 19, 2016	Yes	Excellent product	Good product and Awesome price , features also beyond price
3	narendra	Feb 19, 2016	Yes	Classic phone	Slim trim phone  best Android  phone under 15000
4	vijay	Feb 19, 2016	Yes	Good proudect	Good features nd nice style
5	Janak	Feb 19, 2016	Yes	Excellent	All in one...
6	Jamal Khan	Feb 19, 2016	Yes	Worst shipping	This rating is basically for shipping, Phone gets 4 star. Delhivery courier is the worst shipping company, took almost three weeks, didnt ship even after reaching the city for two days. overall phone is very good.
7	Rajoo	Feb 19, 2016	Yes	Good product	I suppose to talk long duration and while hearing music, and also in games the set is slightly heated. Otherwise, it is good.
8	Madhusudhanan Selvaraj	Feb 19, 2016	No	Perfect. It doesn't get any better	Good Phone, Very Slime Design with Premium Feel & Look.
9	n.venu gopala rao	Feb 19, 2016	No	Average, Ordinary	Received white color phone instead of Black.
10	kush	Feb 19, 2016	Yes	its sooo good phone	ok
11	Vinay Kallat	Oct 09, 2014	No	One of the Best thing I have gifted myse	Remember this is my first Gionee phone so the review is not out of love for the brand. The rating are based on comparison with phones in the same range, ofcourse if you compare the video quality of 19 K phone and 30K phone there would be some difference. Pros  Looks: 15 out of 10 (Way above its expectation) The best thing I have seen in a long time. This black beauty is well ahead of the race to any phone in the market when it comes to looks. I would go on and say better than sony xperia Z series, I phone, Nexus 5 and micromax canvas Knight. Believe me I have held all those phones in my hand , as most of my friends use high end phones but none comes even close to this when it comes to looks. I cannot take my eyes of this phone. For 18,999 this is a must buy. The thin and cut borders with glass metallic black finishing is awesome. This is exactly what I had imagined my phone to look like and thank god Gionee did it for me. The leather cover you get with the package is cool and smells really good.  Video: 9.5/10 I have 42 inch TV and I am at home yet I prefer to watch serials on this beauty. The player is interactive with brightness, volume and rewind / forward is adjustable just by moving finger on the screen. Surely you could get that in other phones as well but the colors on the black screen looks really good. The leather cover though is simple but you can fold it and make the screen in a slant position which makes the viewing much better rather than keeping it on a slant surface. In short I love it.  Pictures:8/10 (The low ranking is because I have not used much of it) Well this is much better than Samsung galaxy grand 2 which comes in the same price and almost same as Micromax Canvas knight when I checked with my friend and arguably better than it. Well I have not tried around with flash and at night, so will edit the review after some days of usage.  Music: (9/10) I have used sony walkman series since long as I just love listening to music. I use my phone more as a music player then as a phone. I have got hold of this phone today only so I have not used it a lot but I could not stop myself from commenting on it. The music player(DTS effect) with bass,Focus and 3D effect setting is really cool. The clarity of the beats and the effects is better than most of the phones in its category. But arguably not that good when compared  to sony ericson walkman series. When I say that I mean the first of the walkman series when they did not care much of the looks, this would be same or arguably better than walkman series you get this days for that range.  Touch Screen: (8/10): The touch screen is good, nothing special about it. But do not worry the screen itself is really beautiful. Of course if you compare with i phone 5 you could see some difference again 19 K and 46 K there is big difference in money but the difference in touch is less comparatively. One thing and the only thing i did not like with the touch is the finger prints left on the screen I keep cleaning it. But I have seen the same problem in samsung/micromax/LG/HTC. I had unlocked most of my friends phone based on the finger prints on most of the phones. So it is a common issue but really on such a beautiful screen you would feel uncomfortable to leave the fingerprints.  Speed:(10/10) It is an octa core so I do not need much to say. I copied 1 gb data from my computer on to my phone in just under a minute while nokia lumia and samsung grand 2 took much more on the same machine almost 5 times more. Again arguably from the specs you can say micromax Knight is slightly faster but when you play it side by side you would not see any difference in speed.  Cons as pointed out by other reviewers on the web: Heating: I have read lot of reviewers talking about the heat and that was the reason why I was a little hesitant to buy this. I would not say there is no heating, there is considerable heating but for me the leather cover takes up all the heat. The first day itself I used it for playing games around 30 minutes and watching videos and listening music for around 2 hours and the heating was slight probably the leather cover decreased the heat. And after that I plugged it for charging and I thought it would heat up again as my nokia phone use to heat up on charging and for my surprise it did not. Well I been doing something with this phone like listening to music/ playing games/watching videos and charging and I could say it is nothing even close to heating up like that you cannot bear with or hold the phone. Yes while playing high end games like FiFA and Asphalt 8 it gets heated up near the camera area but again it is manageable. And again I have most of the high end phones in this range getting heated up while playing FIFa 14 or Asphalt, so this is no different.  Battery life: Other comments I had read online was its battery life was not that good. Again I dis agree to I used for gaming around half an hour and watching music for half an hour and video for 1 and half hour and it was down to 78%. 22% for continuous usage for 2 and half hour which I think is ok as compared to its competitors. Anyways such phones require to be charged once a day if you are doing something with it the whole day.  Software: Amigo, I do not know why such a fuss on it. I did not feel anything wrong with it. Nothing special but nothing as well. I am not sure, probably I am from a different planet. Yes there was no need for gionee to built a custom software on top of android. But I did not have any problems with it either.  Cons as per me: Upgrade to kitkat: I am not sure if everyone had this problem. But after update my videos are not playing properly. The sound and lip sink does not match. I downloaded Mx Player and had to delay the sound by 1 sec or so. But again it plays videos as if it is slow which becomes quite evident. Also for me there was no noticible change in speed or anything. I would surely downgrade to Jelly bean. In fact I am trying to find ways to do it. For those who love watching movies I would not encourage to upgrade. I did not find any use of upgrading.    Storage : I think it could have done 32 GB instead of 16 GB internal memory for that money as Micromax knight is giving it. But again it is just me and i do not think it takes away that much of the phone.  Game playing: I do not know if it just me but playing games like Asphalt 8 and FIFA with touch movement, I use to keep clicking the home button on the bottom and the game use to vanish then I had to click the home button again and click on the game to resume it. This happened quite frequently before I learned how to avoid it and it happens some times now as well but it is very rare now.  Ear phones: Again it is just me, I think white earphones for a black beauty does not go well, I would have loved it to be black. But the ear phones have nice design with beautiful thin flat wire and perfectly shaped ear plugs for your ears. Just it should have been black for me to let it go well with the phone.  Again I cannot take my eyes off this beauty, sorry for boring with this statement but it really is. You can see the unboxing videos to know what I am talking about but still it looks very very good in your hand, the slimmest phone ever made as of yet.
12	deepak from delhi	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	Best product with all good qualities	Really recommend to buy this phone..Great price & great value for money..  Pros: best sceen quality with amoled sceen, perfect sceen size of 5inch, very slim profile only 5.5 inch that beat any one in the market, included headset sounds great, additional accessories are great add on like leather flip case, 2 sets of screen guard & mini usb OTG cable..  Cons: little bit over heating while heavy usage...
13	Anant	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	Gionee ELife S5.5 mobile is excellent .	Looks is eyecatching,performance is superb,very slim,in toto WOUNDERFUL & I am fully satisfied.
14	kd	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	good cellphone	nice touch and clear images of camera and good speed
15	M sundaram	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	eliif 5.5	Wow really good model with thinnest set I think gionee only release first time in India.and Snapdeal team works great for quick delivering with safe condition thanks for that
16	Jack	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	Only battery is issue	1. Cool in hand, I mean it doesn't get hot while using even lot of apps  2. upgraeded to 4.4.2 with no issue  3. Super slim, But wife feels Jealous, It may not big issue for all  4. 5" is great size, even I guess 4.7 and if 4.5 comes then even it's ok  5. Almost all apps works, facebook is ok  6. Battery is an issue, you can't even change it, even not ready for last 12 hours  7. Sim need to cut down, Don't try at hone, go to some shop to be done by expert  8. Flip cover is just ok ok kind  9. Two sets of Guards  10. Snap deals is good in rate, no one can beat in rates
17	Shash	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	Nice mobile	............
18	megha	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	sleek design	attractive looking
19	Nirmal	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	Awsome display quality.	Should have enabled password lock.  My corporate mail not working as it does not support alpha neumaric passwords.  Definatly five start if password lock and apps drawer with widget desktops provided with launcher.  Overall Worth of money...
20	muno	Oct 09, 2014	Yes	whenever I shop, i would  go on snapdeal	I really like to shop on snapdeal, whenever I want to purchase anyitem i will go on snapdeal and bachate raho
21	Ram	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	Avg Phone	Sound Quality Not good..Battery Not Good, Camera also poor,
22	vikas	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	gud	good
23	ARUN	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	WONDERFUL PHONE FOR LESS MONEY	ELIFE S55 IS WONDERFUL PHONE FOR THE PRICE I PAID.
24	aman ansari	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	good	nice phone..functioning smoothly
25	Dharmender Kaushal	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	Not good	Phone is beautiful But performance is not good,  it has  heating problem, battery taking long time to recharge .  Its consume battery very quickly,  If you are talking 3 to 5 hours battery  khallas / finish need to recharge.
26	ayan	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	great	great phone amazing in look every one buy from snapdeal because the price code of the phone snapdeal are best
27	Rahul	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	Class Apart in competition with Iphone 5	Pros:  1. Great Look and Feel 2. Absolutely premium built with metal alloy and gorilla glass protection. 3. 1.7 Octo-core clocked at perfect speed not overclocked 4. 2 GB RAM is a big plus for smooth gaming 5. No Lags whatsoever 6. No heating problems at all because processor cloaked at perfect speed and optimized. 7. Super Amoled Display is amazingly crisp and sharp 8. Great Cameras both front and back for outdoor and good light settings 9. Great voice and speaker quality 10. Great Network reception and 3G speeds 11. OTG enabled can connect mouse keyboard even a 500 GB hard disk  Cons: 1. Cover supplied could have been better 2. NFC technology should have been provided 3. At least SD card support or 32 GB inbuilt memory should be provided. but OTG is a great plus   Overall an amazing phone with great support and services and free goodies inside the pack from Gionee
28	sam	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	Good phone.	Slimmest ever phone then any other. Works great.
29	Mukesh Verma	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	best  phone to buy	Super amoled screen,Camera,Amigo UI,battery backup,Premium sleek Design,features etc. make geonee s 5.5 awesome. --Everyone is impressed after watching the phone. --Camera with ChamCam gives super quality image. --specially for Girls, u can click  in makeup mode too. --quick processing speed. -- many more....
30	Dev	Aug 06, 2014	Yes	Really worth buy..	It is a really nice phone. I am a casual user. Mostly use it for calls, surfing and occasional gaming. So far no issues with any service or feature. Camera is decent. Sound is great.  The best feature though is The Screen. Its Vibrant, Crystal Clear.. Lives upto its name Super AMOLED. Graphics are awsome. Phone doesnt lag for heavy games like Dead Trigger 2 and Shadowgun.  Heating issue is there. But it is mainly because of the glass.. And it cools down just as quickly.
31	Dr. Raveesh	Jun 24, 2014	Yes	best smart phone	Nice phone
32	sharad	Jun 24, 2014	Yes	Gionee Elife S5.5 beauty with brain	The phone by build quality,design and features is really awesome, but the major problem is with the battery back up. On a minimum usage also it doesn't even provide a back up of 6hrs. See what ever the comments with only positives you see on this forum ,I think its Gionee marketing team. The heating issue is really their its like keeping some heating element in your pocket , even using whatsapp cause the phone to become warm by the way i am using the flipcase!! .  Over all thing is Its a really good TV If you have charger in your pocket ok or else deal with it.
33	Gunvant	Jun 24, 2014	Yes	its good phone	phone is good in this price range but battery exhaust very quickly
34	vinu	Jun 24, 2014	Yes	Gionee elife s5.5	This phone is looking nice.front carema is good and rear camera is ok. but two problem in this phone one is heating on calling and gameing time another one is no external memory card use in this phone
35	rintu	Jun 24, 2014	Yes	good value for money	stunning design coming from a chineese manufacterer,nice built,gud performance  just not gud enough audio output and lacks the latest version of android
36	hunter	Jun 24, 2014	Yes	Truly awesome	Brought this product a week back and its a real beauty.Combination of beautiful looks and pure hardware,gionee s5.5 performs everything with ease.From the amigo 2 interface to the preinstalled app,everything was made keeping the user's ease in mind.  Games like asphalt 8, iron man 3 plays without any lag because of its octacore processor and the 5-inch HD display gives awesome viewing experience.  Gives a days backup with an hour plus of heavy gaming,whole day active 3g and few calls.  Sleek,slim,light weight,fast and butter smooth.  Note this phone is a looker so expect people's stares. :)
