Review No.	Reviewer Name	Date	Verified Buyer	Title	Review
1	kurmi	May 07, 2015	Yes	Awesome device Love it...	Awesome device Love it... Only battery don't last long but the overall performance is very good...
2	aakash	May 07, 2015	Yes	Awesome Phone	This is my first android device and I had a thrill in using this device. Good job in making this masterpiece. Pros: Touch is great, nice looks, very fast and no lags, headphone provided is great, very nice display, clear and crisp Cons: Battery backup is poor, speaker not too loud, installed apps are not of great use, quite heavy (personal opinion) Overall: I am happy with the device and I think it is a great smartphone and people should really buy it rather than buying a high end smartphone like Samsung or some others which offer similar features for high prices.
3	Saumitra	May 07, 2015	Yes	Perfect Phone	Very much satisfied
4	sandeep	May 07, 2015	Yes	Good product	Good product. I really like this phone
5	Priyanka	May 07, 2015	Yes	Value for Money	I bought this phone about 6months ago and i am not regretting it. Its the best in terms of performance under this price.  Nexus 4 has proved itself after the ANDROID LOLLIPOP Update. Few Pros about the phone and the updates i personally liked are 1) Prioriy interruptions - I can select who should call me and who should not 2) Messenger app - You can simply block a number and not the calls which is pretty useful.  3) The direct flashlight and the brightness buttons.  4) Sharp display - satisfactory. 5) Processor is promising .  6) Browsing is very Quick along with games.   cons  1) Poor camera quality even after the update.  2) The phone lags a bit say 10% after the update, maybe android can fix this is in the near future.  3) All photos at one place - There is no option to bifurcate them.  4) Battery drains if overused.  My Verdict:  Its is value for money, The sound quality of calls is below average but it has a very good processor,  Even if the phone has occupied 90% storage, the phone wont lag much.  ill definitely recommend it as it is the best phone available at that price.  Not to forget the unique design of the nexus 4, Its better than other nexus devices and i happy buying this one.  Its up-gradable to android 5 and the best processor you can ever use. So would definitely recommend this phone.
6	Sreejit S	May 07, 2015	Yes	Love this phone	Its been over 1.5 yrs since i have used this phone and I really love this phone. The only issue with is the battery life is very low if you have 3g on the whole day. With the constant updates google has been providing (currently on Lollipop 5.1.1) its hard to find any faults with this product.   I am not a power hungry app user so this phone (even though it is very capable to handle those kind of apps) is perfect for me.  The size of the phone is just right and anyone with average size (male) hands can operate this phone with one hand.
7	Inti	May 07, 2015	No	Gamer Changer!	Nexus 4 is definitely the device that changed the game both for LG and Google, The Geeks device(Nexus) always has top of the line hardware, released back in 2012 this phone is still relevant in 2015 after getting the Lollipop update it feels like a new phone altogether. I love it and its my primary phone have been using it for more than a year, here is a list of pros and cons- Pros- 1) Android 5.0.1 Lollipop, smooth as butter with best user interface available at the moment. 2) Size is Perfect for one hand use, not very large can fit easily into the pocket. 3) 4.7 inch HD display is vibrant and has excellent color reproduction. 4) Beautiful glass back 5) Corning Gorilla Glass II  The Cons yes it has its own 1) Camera being 8MP shooter its not upto the mark. 2) the Beautiful glass back is lovely and everything but its fragile. 3) The power button can be irresponsive sometimes. The phone has decent specs even now it can give tough competition to many other phones plus it gets the latest software always and can root it with many available custom roms for the N4.
8	joann	May 07, 2015	No	Amazing phone	Amazing phone. using it for almost 2yrs(not exact). this phone is amazing. blindly go for it. it so superb. the most thing u ll like in this the back side part of the phone it so good 2 hold.. just go for it
9	jaysuk.patel	May 07, 2015	Yes	Excellent Product	No need to mention anything it is google product. No hange ,No restart, Sometime little beet getting hot but it has been resolved once I reach to LG services.  It is not easily fragile.  Beetry life can incrse
10	Aneesh	May 07, 2015	Yes	Amazing	Wonderful phone... I like it very much
11	Sunil	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	Nothing better than Nexus!	I bought Nexus 4 from Snapdeal and the quality of the product was brilliant! I would everyone to buy a Nexus phone if one is going for an Android OS. Worth the money that you pay for it - Be it getting the latest updates from Google or the fantastic quality- it has it all! Nexus phone floored me to the core..
12	SPK	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	Good	Good
13	Bheshy	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	Nexus 4 Sema	Mass phone!!
14	thepsyntist	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	Great product with quick delivery	First of all, its Nexus. So its gotta be amazing and perfect. But Snapdeal gave me a good deal on it. I purchased this phone around 22k last December. Phone came in good packing and brand new and got delivered in like 3-4 days. I am still using the phone and its going great. I recommend this product.
15	abdul matin	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	simply say its awsome....	good smartphone in this range.  i used nexus 4 since last 9 month without any problem.  GOOGLE ROCKS
16	murtaza	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	nice phone	UI is not good
17	Raj	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	Good	Good
18	Swapnil	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	Masterpiece	The looks of the set is very dashing, apart from that due to its 2GB Ram the performance of set is remarkable. I am using this set since 8 months & it never get hanged . The software of phone gets updated on regular basis that also very 1st in market due to Google support, which brings more smoothness in its performance.The touch of the cell is at its best. Most imp I got this set in most cheapest price among all market player with headphones & even the price dint dropped till now. Go for it guys...
19	Mohan	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	nice product	excellent prodcut in the price and instant update of newer android version
20	Hamir	Oct 30, 2014	Yes	Excellent	Excellenet phone. Very nice buid quality. Resonabally good battery life for normal day-to-day operations. Good call and signal quality. Has stock android, so one have to install some apps for basic functions like notification led. Haven't used it much with camera and media yet. Haven't noticed any lag either. Very bright and clear display
21	Sumi Ghosh	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	Ok kind of device.	Its an average device. Switches off automatically few times is the only problem. Camera is not that good but ok.
22	Akky	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	Awesome phone	Awesome phone...i thing people r foolish that they buy samsung phone at available this price range...
23	kp	Jun 20, 2014	No	AWESOME, VALUE FOR MONEY	GREAT PROCESSING LOOKS, AND DURABILITY. IN ONE SENTENCE, BEST BUY AT THIS PRICE
24	Vicky	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	Still Super in Market	Perfectly matches my requirements.
25	Sree	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	Go with Nexus4	Pros Good build quality Great Screen - curved glass nice touch for easier swiping Project butter phone is fast Pure Android (no bloatware) Good call quality Low price Swipe keyboard for texting/searching Google now Battery life has been good  Cons Phone is slippery Glass back Power button on the side takes getting used to Camera is good, but not as good as my wife's iphone 5  Summary I am an apple fan I have used/owned many of their products including all iphones, macbook pro/air, ipod, and imac. I have never had issues with any of their devices they are high quality, easy to use, but it was time for a change I really felt I wasn't getting anything new with the new iphone 5.  I was hesitant to switch to Android after hearing so many complaints about fragmentation, lag, bugs, lower quality apps compared to ios, etc. After hearing about the Nexus 4 getting pure android, contract free, and hearing that it was considered the best android experience yet I took a chance, and I am quite glad that I did. I have not had any issues finding apps that I used on my old iphone.  I have really enjoyed the larger screen. That was one issue that bugged me with the iphone 4/4S/5. I am still able to use the phone with one hand and I by no means have large hands. It is much more enjoyable to browse the internet, read books on my kindle app, watch videos, and the phone easily fits in my pocket or front chest pocket on my Arc'teryx jacket.  I do miss Siri's sassiness, but Google now is better. Rarely does it misinterpret what I am saying and if you are a big user of google services such as gmail, google maps, google drive, etc. android integrates those services seamlessly.  Notification system is also top notch and much better than ios. I was pleasantly surprised by this.  It feels great to be able to customize my phone something I was not able to do on ios.  The biggest issue I hear is the lack of LTE. Unless you have an unlimited plan (which I do not) and do not have access to wifi I don't see any issue here. I use AT&T; HSPA in Rochester, MN and my speeds are good. Web pages load up fast, video is fine.  Battery has been good for me with a mix of updating os, downloading apps, talking, text, youtube and came around 24 hours and 28 min before it went completely dead (this is with NFC, bluetooth off, and slight adjustment in screen brightness).  If your looking into trying Android can't recommend this phone enough. Heck if your looking for a new high quality and well priced smartphone contract free this is THE phone to get.
26	Souru77	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	Excellent Smartphone	Its the best smart phone possibly one can get and the price is just perfect..!!
27	Kushal	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	AWESOME	AWESOME SELLER AWESOME SIMPLY AWESOME
28	buntygandhi21	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	value for money	Nice phone.value for money as before going for nexus I researched Samsung and Sony phones but didn't find the same configuration at reasonable price.
29	Holla	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	Best smartphone	Great product. Good value for money. It really can't get any Better for this Price Tag!
30	Manpreet	Jun 20, 2014	Yes	feel the fone by holding it , nice specs	Awesome experience , smooth touch , light weight, and giving so much in reasonable price and yes its fast too !
31	rohit	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	its very nice.	its very nice and multi user mobile. easy to in pocket. easy to control. overa all its awesome........
32	dushyanth	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	great phone... kudos to snapdeal	Nexus 4 is a flawless piece of art.its a  very sturdy phone. Got the phone wit jelly bean.. Updated it kitkat.. After that the Phone is faster than what it was. Got the phone for 5 k lesser when compared to other websites and retail shops. Completely satisfied with the product. Guys . keep visiting snapdeal. Prices keep fluctuating.. Its just like a stock market.. When the price of ur product drops.. Boom.. Buy it. Keep ur eyes peeled For the offers
33	toby	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	An excellent phone by Google	Nexus 4 is a wonderful phone, it has all the bells & whistles one can ask for without any messy bloatware
34	Kapil Khadgi	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	Good to study reviews before buy Nexus 4	Got automatic updates for Kit Kat (Android 4.4) Not having Radio may be a disappointing for few users, but I was okay with it.
35	Saurabh	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	Ultimate Purchase	Ultimate purchase, everything with this phone is extremly good,if u have budget around 20-25 k ,then go for this phone without wasting a minut.
36	Raghunandan	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	Overall it is nice phone.	-Value for money,  -Overall its nice phone.
37	Mukul	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	Awesome	Seems awesome. Battery might seem to be draining soon :(
38	Nikhil Bhati	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	Very nice product.	Nexus 4 is a very nice phone, its fast, lightweight & easy to handle. The headphones provided are very good & phone looks are nice. The best part got the latest 4.4.2 KitKat update.
39	Pir8	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	Top end features & Great looks	Total worth for the price paid.Pretty decent phone with great design and look coupled with a large screen and apt resolution.Picture quality is quite decent.Multi tasking and the speed is praise worthy ,due to 2gb ram and high internal memory.
40	kani	Jan 20, 2014	Yes	excellent	Excellent product and worth buying
41	Sumeet	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	Awesome Phone	Excellent Phone Worth Every Penny Hope in Future Will Buy Nexus 5
42	WARun	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	Best Phone with best price	Really amazing product which is packaged with 1.5 ghz processor, 2 gb ram, 16gb internal storage and ADRENO 320 GRAPHIC PROCESSING UNIT.  PROS: a)4.7 display with gorilla glass on front and back. (Which are scratch proof). Display resolution is good.  b)Adreno 320 GPU is amazing which provides a top quality graphics output.(You can check it by running some good games requiring great amount of graphics).  c) Runs on core Android which has some unique features made available for it like Photosphere etc.  d) NFC,Bluetooth,Wireless charging are some of the major addition features available.  CONS: a) Major drawback of this phone would be the battery. 2100mAh battery. As smart phones drain out the battery quickly the battery life is about 1 day for moderate usage with calls,texting and browsing.  b)It does not support SD cards. Limited with internal storage of 16gb.  Summary: Even though it has these flaws its a wonderful product as i am using it since 2 months. The same hardware and features will surely cost 5-8 thousand more in other company phones.   Comparing it with Galaxy Note II. Note II may have 5.5inch screen, 1.6ghz processor but the LG Nexus4 with 4.7inch display is good enough to fit in any pockets. The hardware and performance of both phones are almost equal. But the android for Nexus has better features.  So as it costs less for better product. I would suggest to buy Nexus 4 as its "BEST PRODUCT AT CHEAPEST COST"
43	Ash	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	Good Product...	Very good product from Google. Really meets the expectations...Best in Price Range.....
44	Div	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	Better option then any other Android..	Hi Friends, I will say this is best android phone even in this price.  Even better then Nexus 5, why because we can found only following two difference in between them:  1.Processor 2.3 GHz which will not make any difference with the same RAM of 2GB. 2.FHD vs UHD that is the major one but for that we need to pay 8000 Rs more.  One thing which may not be in liking for the user is the stylish look which is here lacking.  Although performance wise it is best phone... No Hanging Smooth Operations  Well overall nice experience...:)
45	balaji	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	poor delivery time	Its amazing phone no better phone came in market more than 2 GB ram. nexus4
46	Nitesh	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	Awesome Phone	Perfect from LG Google , Cannot expect a better one than this. Am loving It
47	HAREESH	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	REALLY AMAZED WITH MY FIRST ANDROIDPHONE	LIKE ALWAYS NEXUS SERIES IS REALLY COOL & AMAZING  EVERYTHING IS THERE RIGHT IN REACH & IS SUPER FAST JUS BUTTER SMOOTH & CAMERA IS OK AND I DONT WANT A DSLR IN MY FONE JUS DO FOR WAT IT IS FOR  WHEN I CONNECTED IT WITH WIFI FOR THE FIRST TIME INSTANTLY UPDATED TO 4.3  WHEN WILL I GET MY ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT UPDATE & AM JUS
48	Shravan	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	Just Awesome	Touch feel is super smooth and any browsing or HD gaming is just very good without any lag. 360 degrees photo-shot and 180 degrees Panaroma shot very decent is just great. You get 12.72 GB of usable space, pretty decent unless you have a huge music collection you have to carry around or if you're into heavy gaming. The performance is fluid with stock no nonsense Android and no bloatware. And 2GB RAM is the pick of the impressive specs for me. It can run so many apps at same time and true multitasking SHINES!
49	ivarunp	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	Over all Good	Perfect Phone who wants Best performance phone in mid range, classic design with big screen display, battery life is good, only loop halt is this phone doesn't have default file manager and video player, but you can always download from play store
50	rahul kul	Dec 03, 2013	Yes	NIce Phone	Nice product product from Google.
51	sajeev	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	google nexus 4 is an excellent phone	It is a quality mobile phone. I am happy that I chose to buy this phone.
52	Kunal	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	Awesome !!!	A good Mobile....but gets heated faster when you use 3G.
53	tarun	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	awesome buy	very good moblie in this range. must buy. clear sound.. touch is so smooth.. totaly glassy look..
54	Jay Parekh	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	awesome phone	Its a great android phone compared to other android phones. Except for battery. If the battery had long life, its deserves 5 stars. Its a true value for money phone
55	K K	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	Only for those who walk before!!!	Great!!!  This is the best, I have ever used. The stunning design and cordial functions make me to walk before the rest. I just personalized my phone for my tastes and thoughts. The BIG 2GB ram making me to perform all my activities without any lag or delay. My gaming experience with this device is awesome!!!.   I recommend NEXUS 4 for all those who want to run before the technology.    So.... rush, get and  be smart before the your grand pa do it!!!
56	Faith	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	Awesome choice	This is a great phone. Don't think or be confused of buying this gadget. This is the best.just go for it.
57	Ashish	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	GOOD PHONE	Good product, but very fragile....
58	Shinoj K	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	Just what an android lover needs	Product reviews can be read from all over the web.. Simply put it is a bloody good buy at this price point. The added bonus is that you get the latest android updates1st and it is a reaaly gud lookin phone. People tend to notice it easily.. it stands apart from the usual plasticky samsungs that everyone els has. The quad core is a snappy performer too.
59	Govi	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	New mobile less price	Google nexus 4 is the good innovation, 1.5 ghz processer with 2gb ram it's really fast enough for mobile. Gorilla glass on both side is good and no need to worry about the applications it's a google product. Most over its handy comparing with other make like samsung,etc.
60	Deepak R	Nov 12, 2013	Yes	I got the features What I needed :)	Best Smart phone at this price... Battery life is an issue.
61	RK	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	Happy with Nexus 4 phone..	Nexus 4 users can only feel the magic of Nexus 4.. :) Its easy to operate, love to play games in this mobile.  The only bad thing in this is.. it become hot if we use this continuously for more than half hour.
62	dev	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	i m satisfied	I m satisfied
63	Bab	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	Waste	Heats up rapidly,  poor battery life,  non replaceable battery
64	Anand Iyer	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	Great Phone at a Great Price	I think this is a great phone having very high resolution, large screen and 2 GB RAM.  I use it for checking my emails and watching videos when I am on the move. I use Skype a lot and find the Audio and mike to be great. I get the latest update of the Android OS as the device is from Google.
65	Pranav	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	Best phone in class	Excellent in specifications and features,Though battery is a bit of concern.A great smartphone to have
66	r.kabra	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	Amazing Phone	Grt phone true value for money,but no service centre at my place bhilwara :@ 10/10 on looks
67	kapilsjr	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	Very Good	very good product, getting updates fast, got jellybeen upgread as well but it hangs when i play temple run 2 :( anyways i m loving it...
68	snehal	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	mind blowing..	I am writing this after 1 week of usage. Phone is good smooth as silk there is no doubt that software of nexus is way better than s3. I am found of games and use to play in nexus it runs as butter. Only 1 problem is that battery it could be better but still it is OK. If you get plough to charge device in 20 hrs than this is the best phone for you in budget.
69	Madhan  Kumar	Oct 30, 2013	No	GOOD	Good
70	Krishna	Oct 30, 2013	Yes	Delayed dispach...	The best phone you can Imagine...
71	Amrit	Oct 04, 2013	Yes	A good experience	A good product to buy.
72	babloo	Oct 04, 2013	Yes	one of the best i goted	The day I saw this cell phone NEXUS 4 I was very crazy this cell phone.  In fact when I saw this cell not available in India. As came in India I booked on line and get it I am very happy to have it. So many comments regarding in this cell phone I received every boddy appreciated and wanna replace their own cell phone wanna get this NEXUS only.
73	MM	Oct 04, 2013	Yes	great mobile & great service by snapdeal	Excellent service by snapdeal. They delivered product promptly with out any extra cost from alternate vendor, even though first vendor declined/delayed.  And the mobile is great.. ofcourse thanks
74	karan	Oct 04, 2013	Yes	awesomee phnee	gr8 phne...loved ...internal memory 12.5gb usable and u cant send apk files
75	TEJASVI	Oct 04, 2013	No	Best Product at Cheapest Cost !!	Really amazing product which is packaged with 1.5 ghz processor, 2 gb ram, 16gb internal storage and ADRENO 320 GRAPHIC PROCESSING UNIT.  PROS: a)4.7 display with gorilla glass on front and back. (Which are scratch proof). Display resolution is good.  b)Adreno 320 GPU is amazing which provides a top quality graphics output.(You can check it by running some good games requiring great amount of graphics).  c) Runs on core Android which has some unique features made available for it like Photosphere etc.  d) NFC,Bluetooth,Wireless charging are some of the major addition features available.  CONS: a) Major drawback of this phone would be the battery. 2100mAh battery. As smart phones drain out the battery quickly the battery life is about 1 day for moderate usage with calls,texting and browsing.  b)It does not support SD cards. Limited with internal storage of 16gb.  Summary: Even though it has these flaws its a wonderful product as i am using it since 2 months. The same hardware and features will surely cost 5-8 thousand more in other company phones.   Comparing it with Galaxy Note II. Note II may have 5.5inch screen, 1.6ghz processor but the LG Nexus4 with 4.7inch display is good enough to fit in any pockets. The hardware and performance of both  phones are almost equal. But the android for Nexus has better features.  So as it costs less for better product. I would suggest to buy Nexus 4 as its "BEST PRODUCT AT CHEAPEST COST"
76	puneeth	Oct 04, 2013	Yes	best in its category	My first android phone ... Really good except for battery backup
77	anu	Oct 04, 2013	Yes	its a pefect phone till date	In this types of smat phone its a value for money
78	Mirza	Oct 04, 2013	Yes	King of All Androids	Exceptional Phone with the hand of Google on the head...unmistakable LG trust and whats next...THE BEAST JUST GOT EXPLORED BY ME TODAY..Gave me a Broad Smile on my face having Nexus 4 and an Evil smile too for the Guys with some other phone rather than a NEXUS...HAHA HAHA HAHA 10/5 rated
79	sandy	Oct 04, 2013	No	NEXUS 4; The Reality !	How is Nexus 4? Are you kidding me? Do you realize that you are concerned about the "NEXUS", the mobile designed by the developer of Android, GOOGLE. It has only one priority, to provide the best Android experience, without any compromise, and Google is not a cheap company and we all know this, Hence every single bit of the phone is premium quality and take my word for it, ITS GOOGLE you ignorant!!!  Still not satisfied? Well Let see the Pros and cons: Pros: 1.Its Nexus, Hence will be the first one to get updates. IT MATTERS A LOT ! Not even Galaxy S4 or other mobiles of over 40k will get updates that soon 2.Screen : The resolution is not the best(1080p) but still is 768p and the ppi is 318, but above that, human eye cannot differentiate. So I say, that's more than enough ! 3. Hardware : Snapdragon Quad core processor one of best processors of this time, so it makes this device one of the best ! The speed test list this device on 3rd, while leaving Galaxy S4 and HTC One (some model) on the top. But both of them are around 40k and this, just 25k. 4. Be it GS3, G-Note2, or even iPhone5, this puppy beats them all somehow. Look at their cost, it is way too high then this one. 5.Gaming: Both the graphic and processing hardware are excellent for gaming though this is not PS3. You can play a game for around 45 mins flawlessly and then, well the device gets hot so let it get cool and relax yourself ! 6. Camera: The 360-sphere allows you to expose your talent of photography, and also the pictures of the pictures you like, to the whole world, by uploading them on G-Maps ! The whole world sees it ! 7. Physical Design : The Front has no hard keys that makes it look premium. The back panel looks SUPER-FANTABULOUS with the nexus texture.  And the reviews stating that it cannot be left on non-plane surfaces, as it will slide down, Are they crazy ? Who buys a 26k Mobile to leave it anywhere ? The Build Quality is just great ! 8. Capacity : Though external Storage is not possible, the internal 16gb memory is more than enough. I do accept that only 12 GB is available, but frankly, I never needed to more than 8 GB on my previous devices, and yet I DO WATCH MOVIES AND PLAY GAMES on my phone. 9. Soft keys: The reviews tells that the soft keys become a problem for gamers as they can by mistake press them while gaming. I do accept that this is the problem at first, but later when you get used to this mobile, it does not happen. 10. No FM radio, GOOGLE took the best decision of removing the FM radio from this device. Who purchases a High-tech mobile to listen to FM while having the power of Dropbox and 3g on hand. Its removal was just the conservation of the memory from useless app and hardware. 11. Battery cannot be taken out: I do accept we cannot keep a spare battery and replace it with the one in this device as the battery within cannot be taken out. But it provides fair backup of 1 day. And you can always put it back on charge after every 12-14 hours when you reach home. Those of you who are concerned about the replacement of battery, YES IT CAN BE REPLACED WHEN DAMAGED BY COMPANY AND LG HAS NICE SERVICE REPUTATION!  12. High-tech Interface: It's the basic Android interface, nothing extra. it supports all the apps that are available on Google Play, that several devices do not. The OS can be replaced with CM (which will surely provide way better experience on this device than any other) or even other os like Ubuntu touch. This is not possible with any other "factory-locked" device but this one is unlocked! 13. Still looking for more? You gotta be kidding. It's the best thing you can buy today!!! No device provides this many features.  A PIECE OF ADVICE: IF YOU CANNOT UNDERSTAND THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ANDROID, WINDOWS AND I-OS, YOU CANNOT APPRICIATE THIS DEVICE. YOU SHOULD GO WITH SOME OTHER FANCY THING BUT PLZ NOT THIS ONE. IT IS USELESS FOR YOU. IF YOU ARE TECHY HOWEVER, IT IS YOUR END OF WAITING, THIS DEVICE IS THE ONE.  ========================================== Cons Now: Only the high price is not acceptable. This device is available for just 18-20k in US. Then why 26K in INDIA? That pisses me off. Rest all the things are given GREAT thought on when designing it and this device is JUST-WONDERFUL and THE BEST of ALL!  ===========================================
80	Sam8485	Oct 04, 2013	Yes	Value for Money!!	One and only best in class smartphone.  -Jellybean 4.2 + 1st model to get updates -Quadcore 1.5Gz + 2GB RAM + 16GB inbuilt ROM + ROM is not expandable makes it amazingly swift device.  -8MP HD camera with Plenty of features + 2MP Secondary camera  -Optimum Screen siz orning gorilla glass+ HD scree + protected with c  -Rich metal body
81	Proud Nexus Owner	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	Great phone	I don't think I have to write any hardware specific review. This is an awesome phone to have. Windows phone native email app provides more functionalities such as out of office, respond to meetings with comments etc. I am only disappointed with android on that.
82	mobile freak	Aug 18, 2013	No	KILLER NEXUS	best mobile available at this range.please dont underestimate LG..coming to nexus 4.it has sexy design with some powerful features>   display quality and clarity>gorilla 2 with IPS true HD  powerful processing with 2 gb ram  no lags in gaming  updates coming very fast>4.3 in  battery backup is not bad getting 1day on normal use  no usb connectivity> disappointed  no headset in package  need a good case for the back glass(panel)protection  overall this phone is a BEAST.........waiting for nexus 5 from LG
83	suraj	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	Great Product	Great product. Good value for money. It is very user friendly. Better than Samsung product.  Pros -  Good clarity of sound Ease of use There are no unwanted apps on the phone which makes it easy to navigate Picture quality is also good. Not heavy Size is just right  Con Battery life could have been better  However a phone which will suit every need.
84	vivek	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	Best in smartphone by Google	Product is good, you'll love the design of phone and features.   It has core android installed in it, and you'll get latest version very soon from google.   Camera is good, it clicks natural photographs you'll not get vibrant or extra color in pics that you'll find in samsung phones.   Sound is also good, play movie with good clarity and HD is also good.   WiFi is better than samsung phones.   Battery is little bit disappointing from LG.   One more thing you'll not get full support from google if anything get damaged or you received one faulty piece.   Nexus 4 has limited hardware support in India. You need to contact LG for any hardware support. This is really bad now. Hoping google should start selling from play store in India.
85	nexy	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	the best you can own	This is the best gadget that I have and it's worth the money that I've spent.
86	Puneet	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	Best phone as of now	My peronal opinion : Stop using those heavily bloated Samsung touchwiz and HTC sense both are senseless. Use the vanilla android experience it's the fastest out there. I highly recommend Nexus phones because you will receive the android updates before any other phone in the market.
87	Rutuja	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	A must buy for the specs and price!!	Google Nexus 4, being the most awaited phone, at this price its truely awesome with pure android experience. Also its future proof for atlest a couple of years. So dont think twice simply go for it!!
88	Spooky	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	Being a stock fone	Nexus 4, being a Google phone, sports all the limitations Google can think about. This is a developer phone and not something to flaunt like the Samsung's Galaxy line of products. This phone has limited storage and you will/should/must be aware of that when you are buying it. Also what i found interesting is the lack of options to personalize the phone. There are a ton of options in Samsung's phones, but when you come to Nexus 4, you lack all of them. I feel a bit hard to cop up with this as i need to find all those apps and install them separately to manage all these options. But, hey! When thinking about it we can say good bye to those blot wares! The phone is nice, perfectly designed for your palm. Reception is pretty decent too.
89	Atin	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	Bad Bad experience	Bad
90	Prahlad Yadav	Aug 18, 2013	Yes	Simply awsome	Standard stock black smartphone fair, the Google Nexus 4 design is spruced up by a disco ball effect back that offers a little sparkle to the device. Whilst this feature will not appeal to all, perhaps proving too jazzy or feminine for some, the break from the lifeless black form of the rest of the device is a welcome one and a move which helps, marginally, set the handset apart from a number of its similarly uneventful mid-range counterparts.  Thanks to the handset's flat black and slick finish, the Google Nexus 4 is someway from being the most comfortable device in the hand. At 4.7-inches in size, despite being just 9.1mm thick, the Google Nexus 4 can feel somewhat clunky with the lack of curves offering a slightly un-ergonomic fit. Despite this slightly awkward stance, however, thanks to rubberised edging, the latest Nexus handset never feels like running the risk of making a premature escape from the hand.
91	sam	Jun 09, 2013	No	awsome phone	this phone is awsome just getting scred that the glass on the back will break there are many people who have faced this problem
92	Vignesh Krishna	Jun 09, 2013	No	A Futuristic Phone at a Primitive Price	Future Proof Hardware, Foolproof (LG India) Warranty, Feature Rich OS. What more can you ask for? And, all this at a Pocket Proof Price Tag.  This Phone is truly One of Kind Guys. Be an Early Bird to Catch One.  Looks: A+ Feel: A+ OS: A+ (Backed by Google to get the updates way ahead) Build: A (A+ if the back had Gorilla glass too) Storage: A(16GB total, 12GB Actual is pretty decent)  Overall: It really can't get any Better for this Price Tag!
