Review No.	Reviewer Name	Date	Verified Buyer	Title	Review
1	rohan	May 12, 2015	Yes	perfect phone for the perfect price	Good buy
2	Nellai Bala	May 12, 2015	Yes	Quality Purchase for Money Paid	HTC one m8 is a very worthy Product purchase for the money paid.  Very slim and with all expected features.  I am very much satisfied with the product
3	noor	May 12, 2015	Yes	nice product	So stylish phone in the future
4	HTC M8	May 12, 2015	Yes	HTC ONE M8	BEAUTIFUL AND NICE TO WORK WITH... 1ST TIME ANDROID USER....AMAZING SOUND
5	Jim	May 12, 2015	Yes	Superb Phone	Superb Phone
6	SunsetRider	May 12, 2015	Yes	Phone is just Awesome..!!	It started with Moto X 1st gen and I checked almost each n every phone in range from 15,000 to 50,000 bucks and ended with HTC M8 :) I'll say don't go for only high specs as this phone has the best User Interface I have checked till date.. The phone has awesome built quality, software is very good and looks are just like a double the value..
7	parvinderrakhra	May 12, 2015	No	Best Phone Ever	Great aesthetic, ergonomic design...Best Sense UI, camera is very good with lots of trick, features...
8	Teja	May 12, 2015	Yes	The Best Smartphone	Regarding the phone, I will stick the experience of the phone rather than the tech specs. For tech reviews of the phone, please see major reviewers like Cnet, The Verge, GsmArena and MKBHD. (My favorite ones anyway).  1. Looks: My god, it just blows you away. The premium Brushed metal finish is an absolute pleasure to touch and use. I am sure this one reason alone will move a lot of potential buyers from alternate offerings of Samsung, LG, Apple etc. 2. The Sense 6 interface is by far one of the best manufacturer interfaces. Having used the Google Play interface, I would still rate this as more personal and as smooth, if not better. But yes, the android updates may not be as timely as in the Google play editions. 3. Blinkfeed is really amazing and easily replaces all your News and Social Networking dedicated apps. It's fast and easily accessible. 4. Camera: Yes, it is probably one of the sore aspects of the phone. However, for casual photographs and such it is more than sufficient. Well, if you can get over the lower pixel count, it does produce decent pics. And ofcourse, the "ultrapixel" size is bigger than that of other manufacturers, so that helps too. 5. Lack of aspects like Heartbeat sensor and Fingerprint sensor. I pondered over this aspect, but it actually is not a big give away. If you want to compensate for the lack of hearbeat sensor that the competition offers or if you are a big fitness freak, you have the option to buy dedicated trackers like fitbit etc. Btw, Fitbit app comes pre-installed. Probable HTC thought this may offset the absence of sensor a little bit. And Fingerprint sensor? Seriously? Big deal. 6. Screen: One word. Brilliant. Let's just Apple does not come up with a retina display phone with the 6. Otherwise, the One M8 is all set.  For a great phone to live with and be excited to hold and use everyday, look no further. Having used a lot of other phones in the market. I can confidently say that no other phone comes close to providing such a rich and personalized experience as the One M8. It is the One and Only. Granted, HTC has nowhere near the marketing power of Samsung and Apple so sales may not be THAT high. But, once you have used a HTC phone, it is difficult not to see how glaringly ugly the rest of the phones are. Well, that is my experience and perspective anyway. Having made a comeback to HTC, I have decided never to shift my phone brand again.
9	Nacmac	May 12, 2015	Yes	Best deal, fast delivery, 100% original	Best deal, fast delivery(2nd day), 100% original
10	Sanjeev	May 12, 2015	No	Best Mobile	It's simply the best phone ever.
