Review No.	Reviewer Name	Date	Verified Buyer	Title	Review
1	Raji	Nov 15, 2013	Yes	rare phone model	amazed to see 4Gb internel memory at this price range. no other mobles in this price have internel memory 4Gb and having 3G connectivity.  i may be the last one buying this product from snapdeal. :-) i didnt found the product to order another phone for a friend when i recived this phone from snapdeal  Cons:low cam resolution,although the cam resolution is low. the quality of picture is great for still shots in sufficient sun light.dont expect great photos in tubelights or cfl lights.
2	debabrata	Nov 15, 2013	Yes	superb phone having 1ghz pro and dualsim	*this product is almost having every thing in the price range of 5000 *people hardly belive company like karbonn but believe me it was a nice buy which is good for light android user. *the software version is outdated which is ics now everyone is running on jb yesterday also google launched kitkat but at the time of buy it was a nice one which is very stable *as the upper description the device is having 1ghz pro 4 inch screen,wifi,3g etc which is nice  pros-*nice buy in this range with good style better than Samsung device design      *good touch sensitive cons-*sound is low      *camera does not reach expectation as only 3 mp      *cant play hd video if you are ok with this then go 4 it btw karbonn mobiles arew having very low internal storage but this is a exception so a nice point to buy this
3	sandip	Nov 15, 2013	Yes	good to buy this product	it is good and small budget smart-phone, i really enjoyed it. Worth to buy it.
4	rajasekar.a	Nov 15, 2013	Yes	Good Phone at less price	Positve : Product is good especially its light wieght and battery backup is very good.  Negative : I feel the speaker volume is less while making call. So I used to put in loudpeaker mode to make the calls.
5	pintu sharma, chennai	Nov 15, 2013	No	Best Fone in the 5k-8k price range	its been a month since i got this fone and so far no problem has arised, movie watching is awesome, battery doesn't drain so quickly.one instance my  battery had only 20% charge, i saw a 1 hr 45 min movie, in the end 8% charge was still remaining!!!temple run 1 and 2 works without any lag
6	Somu	Nov 15, 2013	No	Superb phone!	Superb Gameplay!!! Smooth capacitive touch! and superb features in this price bracket
7	Reid	Nov 15, 2013	Yes	Met My Need	Exceeded my expectations
